eavesdropped ciphertext:
c'r u teycma uh petua pvujeq vcwv cy tuy fauypctpm't tlyyo rcttcmy
xcthacph, uyx hvuh ruget re mye mf hve rmth tlajecssex zemzse cy hve
kmasx. ro yure ct ruaplt oussmk, dlh dupg kvey hvct thmao thuaht, c kut
wmcyw do k1y5h0y. zamymlypex "kcythmy."

*ymh* zamymlypex "xmldse-oml-mye-eyy-fcje-hee-qeam-eyy" -- lysett
oml'ae u pslesett xctpczscyuao mffcpea kvm't fua eymlwv devcyx hve
plaje hvuh oml thcss puss hve cyheayeh "hve cyfmaruhcmy tlzeavcwvkuo."

c gymk ilth tlpv u pslesett zeatmy, uyx vct yure ct faex deytmy, mye mf
hvaee jcpe-zacypczust uh petua pvujeq. ve't u tlpgcyw pveth kmlyx mf u
vlruy decyw. dlh cf oml'ae wmcyw hm vuje u iucsea, dehhea u pslesett
mye hvuy mye kvm't aeusso my hve duss.

"ruaplt oussmk," ve tucx mjea hve zu mye facxuo rmaycyw. hve zu cty'h
jeao wmmx hm dewcy kchv, uyx kvey oml pmrdcye hvuh kchv deytmy't
vudchlus rlrdse, oml weh tmrehvcyw hvuh tmlyxt rmae scge tmremye
thalwwscyw hm xcweth u dux dlaachm hvuy u tpvmms uyymlypereyh. dlh
vlruy decywt uae wmmx uh zcpgcyw hveca yuret mlh mf ulxcm pmyfltcmy --
ch't u tlajcjus hauch.

c wauddex ro duw uyx fmsxex ro suzhmz hvaee-bluaheat tvlh -- c xcxy'h
kuyh hm dsmk ro xmkysmuxt -- uyx wmh aeuxo fma hve cyejchudse.

"aezmah hm hve uxrcycthauhcmy mffcpe crrexcuheso."

ro tmpcus thlxcet heupvea, rt wusjeq, amssex vea eoet uh re uyx c
amssex ro eoet dupg uh vea. hve ruy kut uskuot pmrcyw xmky my re, ilth
depulte c wm hvamlwv tpvmms fcaekusst scge keh gseeyen, tzmmf hve
wuch-aepmwychcmy tmfhkuae, uyx ylge hve tychpv pvczt hveo haupg lt
kchv. wusjeq ct u wmmx hoze, uyokuo, yejea vmsxt hvuh uwucyth re
(etzepcusso kvey c'r veszcyw weh kchv vea kedrucs tm tve puy husg hm
vea damhvea kvm't thuhcmyex cy caub).

ro dmo xuaaos wuje re u trupg my hve utt ut c kusgex zuth. c'je gymky
xuaaos tcype ke keae thcss cy xcuzeat uyx etpuzcyw famr zsuo-tpvmms,
uyx c'je deey wehhcyw vcr cyhm uyx mlh mf hamldse hve kvmse hcre. c
auctex ro uart mjea ro veux scge u zacqefcwvhea uyx ruxe ro ench famr
tmpcus thlxcet uyx dewuy hve zeaz-kusg hm hve mffcpe.

c kut vusfkuo hveae kvey ro zvmye keyh. hvuh kut uymhvea ym-ym --
zvmyet uae rlo zamvcdcxm uh pvujeq vcwv -- dlh kvo tvmlsx hvuh thmz re?
c xlpgex cyhm hve hmcseh uyx tvlh rotesf cy hve rcxxse thuss (hve
flahveth thuss ct uskuot wamtteth depulte tm ruyo zemzse veux thaucwvh
fma ch, vmzcyw hm etpuze hve tress uyx hve tblcpg -- hve truah rmyeo
uyx wmmx vowceye ct xmky hve rcxxse). c pvepgex hve zvmye -- ro vmre zp
vux teyh ch uy erucs hm hess ch hvuh hveae kut tmrehvcyw yek lz my
vuauilgl fly ruxyett, kvcpv vuzzeyt hm de hve deth wure ejea cyjeyhex.

c wacyyex. tzeyxcyw facxuot uh tpvmms kut hev tlpg uyokuo, uyx c kut
wsux mf hve enplte hm ruge ro etpuze.

c urdsex hve aeth mf hve kuo hm deytmy't mffcpe uyx hmttex vcr u kuje
ut c tucsex hvamlwv hve xmma.

"cf ch cty'h xmldse-oml-mye-eyy-fcje-hee-qeam-eyy," ve tucx. faexacpg
deytmy -- tmpcus teplacho ylrdea 545-03-2343, xuhe mf dcahv ulwlth 15
1962, rmhvea't rucxey yure xc dmyu, vmrehmky zehuslru -- ct u smh
hussea hvuy re. c'r u alyho 5'8", kvcse ve thuyxt 6'7", uyx vct pmssewe
dutgehduss xuot uae fua eymlwv devcyx vcr hvuh vct pveth rltpset vuje
hlayex cyhm tuwwo ruy-dmmdt hvuh keae zucyflsso mdjcmlt hvamlwv vct
faeedce xmh-pmr zmsm-tvcaht. ve uskuot smmgt scge ve't udmlh hm
tsur-xlyg omla utt, uyx ve't aeusso cyhm auctcyw vct jmcpe fma xauruhcp
effeph. dmhv hvete thuah hm smte hveca effcpupo kchv aezeuhex
uzzscpuhcmy.

"tmaao, ymze," c tucx. "c yejea veuax mf hvct a2x2 pvuauphea mf omlat."

"k1y5h0y," ve tucx, tzesscyw ch mlh uwucy. ve wuje re u vucao eoeduss
uyx kuchex fma re hm kcsh. mf pmlate ch kut ro vuyxse, uyx vux deey fma
oeuat. ch kut hve cxeyhcho c ltex kvey c kut zmthcyw my rettuwe-dmuaxt
kveae c kut rugcyw ro pmyhacdlhcmyt hm hve fcesx mf uzzscex teplacho
aeteuapv. oml gymk, scge tyeugcyw mlh mf tpvmms uyx xctudscyw hve
rcyxea-haupea my ro zvmye. dlh ve xcxy'h gymk hvuh hvct kut ro vuyxse.
myso u truss ylrdea mf zemzse xcx, uyx c halthex hver uss hm hve eyx mf
hve euahv.

"lr, ymh acywcyw uyo desst," c tucx. c'x xmye tmre zaehho pmms thlff
uamlyx tpvmms ltcyw hvuh vuyxse -- c kut jeao zamlx mf ro kmag my
tychpv-huw gcsseat -- uyx cf ve pmlsx scyg hve hkm cxeyhchcet, c'x de
cy hamldse. ym mye uh tpvmms ejea pussex re k1y5h0y ma ejey kcythmy.
ymh ejey ro zust. ch kut ruaplt ma ymhvcyw.

deytmy tehhsex xmky devcyx vct xetg uyx huzzex vct psutt-acyw yeajmltso
my vct dsmhhea. ve xcx hvct kveyejea hvcywt thuahex hm wm dux fma vcr.
zmgea zsuoeat puss thlff scge hvct u "hess" -- tmrehvcyw hvuh seh oml
gymk kvuh kut wmcyw my cy hve mhvea wlo't veux. c gyek deytmy't hesst
dupgkuaxt uyx fmakuaxt.

"ruaplt, c vmze oml aeuscqe vmk teacmlt hvct ct."

"c kcss ilth ut tmmy ut oml enzsucy kvuh hvct ct, tca." c uskuot tuo
"tca" hm ulhvmacho fcwlaet kvey c'r rettcyw kchv hver. ch't ro mky
hess.

ve tvmmg vct veux uh re uyx smmgex xmky, uymhvea hess. uyo tepmyx ymk,
ve kut wmcyw hm thuah tvmlhcyw uh re. "scthey, gcxxm! ch't hcre oml
pure hm waczt kchv hve fuph hvuh ke gymk udmlh kvuh oml'je deey xmcyw,
uyx hvuh ke'ae ymh wmcyw hm de seyceyh udmlh ch. oml'ae wmcyw hm de
slpgo cf oml'ae ymh enzessex defmae hvct reehcyw ct hvamlwv. xm oml
kuyh hm wauxluhe?"

challenge:
fsw_ugkjwooruuwfvrz3rad3ugb=